1. BEACH

COMBO 1
Q2. You indicated in the survey that you go to the beach. Tell me about a beach that you like to go to. What does this place look like?

Q3. What kinds of things do you like to do when you go to the beach? Tell me about the activities you typically do there when you go to the beach.

Q4. Tell me about a particularly memorable or beautiful beach that you have visited. What did this place look like? What was your impression of that place? Tell me in detail about what this special place looked like.


COMBO 2
Q2. You indicated in the survey that you go to the beach. Tell me about a beach that you like to go to. What does this place look like?

Q3. What kinds of things do you like to do when you go to the beach? Tell me about the activities you typically do there when you go to the beach.

Q4. Tell me about the beach that you went to recently. What did it look like? What did you like about that beach? Describe it in detail.


COMBO 3
Q5. You indicated in the survey that you go to the beach. Tell me about a beach that you like to go to. What does this place look like?

Q6. Tell me about the beach that you went to recently. What did it look like? What did you like about that beach? Describe it in detail.

Q7. Tell me about a particularly memorable trip to the beach. Who were you with? Which beach were you at? What did you do there? What made this trip to the beach more memorable or special? Tell me everything you did from the moment you arrived there.

COMBO 4
Q5. You indicated in the survey that you go to the beach. Tell me about a beach that you like to go to. What does this place look like?

Q6. Tell me about a particularly memorable or beautiful beach that you have visited. What did this place look like? What was your impression of that place? Tell me in detail about what this special place looked like. 

Q7. Tell me about a particularly memorable trip to the beach. Who were you with? Which beach were you at? What did you do there? What made this trip to the beach more memorable or special? Tell me everything you did from the moment you arrived there.

COMBO 5
Q8. You indicated in the survey that you go to the beach. Tell me about a beach that you like to go to. What does this place look like?

Q9. Tell me about the beach that you went to recently. What did it look like? What did you like about that beach? Describe it in detail.

Q10. Tell me about a particularly memorable trip to the beach. Who were you with? Which beach were you at? What did you do there? What made this trip to the beach more memorable or special? Tell me everything you did from the moment you arrived there.

COMBO 6
Q8. You indicated in the survey that you go to the beach. Tell me about a beach that you like to go to. What does this place look like?

Q9. Tell me about a particularly memorable or beautiful beach that you have visited. What did this place look like? What was your impression of that place? Tell me in detail about what this special place looked like. 

Q10. Tell me about a particularly memorable trip to the beach. Who were you with? Which beach were you at? What did you do there? What made this trip to the beach more memorable or special? Tell me everything you did from the moment you arrived there.

ROLE-PLAY COMBO

Q11. I'll give you a situation and ask you to act it out. Imagine that you want to go to a beach. Invite your friend to a beach and ask several questions to set the time and place to go there with him or her.

Q12. I'm sorry, but there is a problem that I need you to resolve. On the day of your beach trip, the weather is terrible. Call your friend, explain the situation, and make plans to go to the beach next time.

Q13. That's the end of the situation. Was there a time when you couldn't go on a trip to the beach because of the bad weather? What was the weather like and how did you deal with the situation?

ADVANCED COMBO
Q14. You indicated in the survey that you enjoy going to beaches. Pick two different beaches that you've ever been to. What does each of the beaches look like? Talk about their similarities and differences, and explain which one you prefer and why. 

Q15. What are some issues or concerns people have about beaches? What has caused these problems? What should be done to protect beaches and address these issues?



2. TAKE A VACATION INTERNATIONALLY

COMBO 1
Q2. You indicated in the survey that you take vacations internationally. Could you describe for me one of the countries you have visited? What did it look like and what were the local people like there?

Q3. Talk about the things that you typically do when you visit another country or overseas city.

Q4. Tell me about your first trip to another country or city. When did you go? Where did you visit? What did you do there? Who did you go with? Tell me everything about that trip with lots of details.

COMBO 2
Q5. You indicated in the survey that you take vacations internationally. Could you describe for me one of the countries you have visited? What did it look like and what were the local people like there?

Q6. Tell me about your first trip to another country or city. When did you go? Where did you visit? What did you do there? Who did you go with? Tell me everything about that trip with lots of details.

Q7. Traveling can lead to many kinds of interesting, funny and unexpected experience. Tell me about one travel experience you had that was unforgettable. Start by telling me when this happened, where you were, and who you were with. And then, tell me about all the things that happened, which made this experience so memorable.
 
COMBO 3
Q8. You indicated in the survey that you take vacations internationally. Could you describe for me one of the countries you have visited? What did it look like and what were the local people like there?

Q9. Tell me about your first trip to another country or city. When did you go? Where did you visit? What did you do there? Who did you go with? Tell me everything about that trip with lots of details.

Q10. Traveling can lead to many kinds of interesting, funny and unexpected experience. Tell me about one travel experience you had that was unforgettable. Start by telling me when this happened, where you were, and who you were with. And then, tell me about all the things that happened, which made this experience so memorable. 

ROLE-PLAY COMBO 1
Q11. I'd like to give you a situation and ask you to act it out. You are planning on going on a trip. Call a travel agency and ask three or four questions about the trip you want to go on.

Q12. I'm sorry, but there is a problem that I need you to resolve. When you arrive at the airport, you were told that your flight is canceled and other flights are completely booked. Call your travel agency, explain the situation, and make two or three suggestions to resolve the situation.

Q13. That's the end of the situation. Have you ever had to deal with problems caused by canceled flight tickets? Describe that experience in detail. Tell me when and where this took place and what exactly happened. Talk about that experience from beginning to end.

ROLE-PLAY COMBO 2
Q11. You are visiting New York on vacation. You go to a car rental agency to rent a car. Imagine you are speaking to a rental car agent and ask three or four questions about renting a car for a week.

Q12. I'm not sure if I can let you rent a car because I'm not familiar with your non-US driver's license. Can you explain to me what the license says and why it is the same as a valid US license?

Q13. That’s the end of the situation. Sometimes, something out of the ordinary happens while travelling. I wonder if you have ever experienced anything surprising, unexpected or unusual during a trip. Tell me about that experience. Start by telling when and where you were traveling, and then give me all the details of that experience.

ADVANCE COMBO
Q14. You indicated in the survey that you take vacations internationally. How has traveling to other countries changed over the years? Is it easier or more difficult? Describe what travelling was like in the past and what changes you have seen over the years.

Q15. When people discuss traveling internationally, what kinds of things do they consider the most? Why are these things of such interest or importance to travelers? Tell me about the activities people want to try when traveling to other countries. Are there any places they want to go to or things they want to see?

3. WORKING OUT AT A GYM
COMBO 1
Q2. You indicated in the survey that you go to the gym. Tell me about the gym or health club you often go to. Where is it located? What does it look like? What types of things does the gym provide? 

Q3. Talk about your usual routine when you go to the gym. What do you typically do when you go there? When do you go and how do you prepare before and once you get there?

Q4. How did you first become interested in working out? When did you first start going to the gym? Tell me about your first experience when you went to the gym in detail.


COMBO 2
Q5. You indicated in the survey that you go to the gym. Tell me about the gym or health club you often go to. Where is it located? What does it look like? What types of things does the gym provide? 

Q6. How did you first become interested in working out? When did you first start going to the gym? Tell me about your first experience when you went to the gym in detail.

Q7. Could you tell me about an unusual or unexpected experience you had at the gym? What happened? And why was this experience so memorable? Tell me the unexpected experience while working out with as many details as possible.

COMBO 3
Q8. You indicated in the survey that you go to the gym. Tell me about the gym or health club you often go to. Where is it located? What does it look like? What types of things does the gym provide? 

Q9. How did you first become interested in working out? When did you first start going to the gym? Tell me about your first experience when you went to the gym in detail.

Q10. Could you tell me about an unusual or unexpected experience you had at the gym? What happened? And why was this experience so memorable? Tell me the unexpected experience while working out with as many details as possible.

ROLE-PLAY COMBO
Q11. I'd like to give you a situation and ask you to act it out. You are interested in joining a new gym that has recently opened in your town. Call the gym and ask three or four questions to get some information about the gym.

Q12. I'm sorry, but there is a problem that I need you to resolve. You were supposed to go to the gym with your friend today, but something unexpected came up and you can't make it. Call your friend, explain the situation, suggest two or three solutions, and make new plans to go to the gym together another day.

Q13. That’s the end of the situation. Have you ever made plans to do something with a friend but couldn’t make it because something unexpected happened? Tell me about the experience in detail. Explain what you had planned to do, what happened, why you couldn’t go, and how you handled the situation from beginning to end.

ADVANCE COMBO
Q14. You indicated in the survey that you go to the gym or health club. Pick two gyms or health clubs that you know of, and tell me about their similarities and differences. Which one do you prefer and why?

Q15. I'd like to know about one of the challenges gyms or health clubs are faced with. What are they are faced with these days? Discuss what has caused these concerns. What kinds of steps need to be taken to address these issues?

